Reflect: Using a remote repository

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
you work local?

A:When you want other people to easily access your repository for
editing, add files or made their own version of your proyect from
your repository.

Reflect: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than
having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

To maintain your own version of the repository as you wish. Other 
people can also be collaborating in the same proyect, and you don't
want their changes to mix up with your work.

Reflect: Forks, Clones and Branches. Describe the differences between
forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of
another?

A fork and a clone is almost the same thing except in the matters that
with a fork you are giving credits and referencing a pre-existing
repository. The difference between a branch and a clone or fork, is that
is part of the repository and not the whole. A clone is the exact copy
of another repository but without referencing the original copy.

Reflect: Local copies of remote branches What is the benefit of having a
copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit is to compare your changes to the code with the last state
of the remote, to late made commits and update the remote. 

Reflect: Collaboration using Git and GitHub

How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

In my experience i have collaborated by file exchanging my scripts
through facebook, face to face, and by using unity's version control
system. The easiest way to collaborate was by face-to-face and the
hardest is just file exchanging.

Reflect: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch 
rather than directly in master?
What benefits does approach have?

Because sometimes you want to work on your own version of 
the proyect rather than updating the master for all the 
collaborators.
Using the approach of just making changes to a master has the
advantage of advising or letting know all your collaborators
for each change you want to do.

 
